Related Work
====


DeepSpeech Features
====

## Extract & Integrate linguistic features

DeepSpeech provides a framework for developers to extract and integrate high-level features

Here is how developers can easily plug-in a corefence feature “extractor” to DeepSpeech:

SQL:

Define a SQL query to generate all pairs of candidate words that appear in the same lattice, and pair it with a python function.

    SELECT t0.CID, t0.TEXT,
           t1.CID, t1.TEXT
    FROM   candidate t0,
           candidate t1
    WHERE  t0.LID = t1.LID
    USEPYTHON pyfunc

PYTHON:

We write a Python function to process all phrase pairs and identify coreferent pairs.


    def pyfunc(c1, t1, c2, t2):
        if edit_dist(t1, t2) < 2:
            emit(“Coref”, c1, c2)


## Simpler Feature Engineering

TODO brainwash paper

## Rigorous Probabilistic Framework

TODO paper



\cite{bleijml2003}.





Related Works
----

We are conducting a relevant research in OCR systems. We treat OCR
softwares as black boxes, obtain their output sequences --- essentially
the same as a word lattice, and try to use knowledge to approach and
beat oracle error rate in the lattice.

In an error analysis, we have following interesting observations: 
(1) Most errors generated by OCR systems are automatically solvable 
    with a knowledge taxonomy similar to listed above.
(2) There is no one-fixes-all knowledge in OCR.
(3) The most useful kinds of knowledge are corpus statistics and 
    OCR-software specific knowledge.

With the insight from this relevant project, we propose to make use of
corpus statistics and ASR-software specific knowledge in our ASR system.

We will look into SCARF system and its applications meanwhile for comparison.
